Update Installation-for-Linux (#878)
jamulussoftware/jamulussoftware.github.io: wiki/en/Installation-for-Linux.md

{% include infobox_each_os.html %}

**Upgrading?** You may want to [back up your configuration](Software-Manual#backing-up-jamulus) first.

**Installing a server?** Read the [guide for server adminstrators](Running-a-Server) first. 

### Debian and Ubuntu

[Download Jamulus (.deb, amd64)]({{ site.download_root_link }}{{ site.download_file_names.deb-gui }}){:.button}

> **ARM-based machines** (e.g. Raspberry Pi): [armf]({{ site.download_root_link }}{{ site.download_file_names.deb-gui-armhf }}) or [arm64]({{ site.download_root_link }}{{ site.download_file_names.deb-gui-arm64 }})

Reviewer: I'd put "download for" or "download .deb" somewhere

Author: OK, but I do I think anyone who is choosing to run a Jamulus **Client** on a microcomputer will know what they're doing and just needs to see a link.

Reviewer 2: We're all on microcomputers. ;) Though if I want client on a Pi4 I'll use jambox. Should we mention it here?

Author: No, that's my point. If we start listing every exotic Linux-based hardware on which somebody might possibly run Jamulus, then we start confusing or annoying the vast majority of users who just want to run it on a standard machine. Less than 5% of all downloads for Jamulus are for Linux as it is (and most of those are probably server users). We support x64 and (for the minority of knowledgeable people) ~~AMD~~ ARM. Keep it simple.

Reviewer 3: > We support x64 and (for the minority of knowledgeable people) AMD. Keep it simple.

You mean ARM 😄

Reviewer 4: 5% are downloading our precompiled binaires... Ok
There are also lots of users using there distribution's repository. For them, no problem with the install.

After you downloaded the correct file:

1. *Ubuntu only* - Enable the Ubuntu "universe" repository (you can use the [GUI-based approach](https://askubuntu.com/a/148645) or [CLI-based approach](https://askubuntu.com/a/227788)).
1. Update apt by opening a console window (CTRL+ALT+T should work) and type: `sudo apt-get update`
1. Go to where you downloaded the installer and either double-click on it, or use the command line: 

> 	`sudo apt install ./{{ site.download_file_names.deb-gui }}` (or for Raspberry Pi etc. as above)  

Reviewer 2: Or for what? Is this saying the Pi file differs?

Author: Yes, they are for different architectures. BTW you really need to be looking at this stuff rendered locally because literally only the text is being shown here in GH so you're missing chunks of info.

Reviewer 2: could you tell me again how to render it locally? i can clone it locally.

Reviewer 2: I plan to try: https://docs.github.com/en/pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll/testing-your-github-pages-site-locally-with-jekyll

Reviewer: Maybe as first setup, yes. You‘ll need to run the po4a create all targets (?) or update templates (?) scripts to generate the translation

Reviewer 5: `_po4a-tools/po4a-create-all-targets.sh` will create the translations.

1. Once installed, you can delete the file and close any console windows.

> Note that if you need to upgrade Jamulus to a newer version, just download the new .deb file and re-install as above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Upgrades:** If you need to upgrade Jamulus to a newer version, just download the new .deb file and re-install as above.
```
